---
layout: news
# tags: [Talks]
title: Luigi Presented @ the ECS 2025 Summer School!
description: Luigi Capogrosso was an invited speaker at the ECS 2025 Summer School.
author: Luigi Capogrosso
background: /assets/theme/images/ecs2025.png
comments: false
---

We are excited to announce that **Luigi Capogrosso** was an invited speaker at the **ECS 2025 Summer School**!

He gave a talk titled **"Machine Learning at the Edge with ARM"**.
The presentation was held on August 28th, during the Systems-of-Systems (SoS) day.
Specifically, in his session, he presented:
*   Practical use cases where edge ML creates value.
*   Why bringing intelligence to the edge is a game-changing challenge.
*   Challenges and opportunities in deploying ML on embedded systems.
*   The toolchain for TinyML on STM microcontrollers.

The [ECS Summer School](https://chipsacademy.eu/summer-school-2025/){:target="_blank"}, organized by the Chips Joint Undertaking and the European Chips Skills Academy, is a premier event focused on Advanced Computer Architecture and Compilation for High-Performance and Embedded Systems.
The school brings together students, researchers, and industry professionals to learn from leading experts in the field.

This year's edition took place in the beautiful city of Budapest, Hungary, from August 24th to August 29th.
The event was a fantastic opportunity for students to dive into the world of computer architecture and embedded systems, connect with experts, and share ideas with peers.
We are proud to have been part of such an event and look forward to future collaborations.